Created: 11-20-2024
Last updated: 11-20-2024

At the dawn of time, there was no light or dark, land or sea- all that existed
swirled together in a glorious pool of harmony. Over millennia, the pool grew,
and eventually it began to settle. When the waters were still, they began to
solidify into the world we live in today- Symphonia.

Symphonia was once a land in constant harmony, just as it was before it had a name.
However, over time, factions appeared, and discord spread throughout the land.
    The Brass Family is the largest of these factions, laying claim to much of the central
    landmass of Symphonia. Because of this, they often find themselves at the center of
    conflicts in Symphonia, literally and figuratively. The benevolent Tuba King, who
    used to unify all of Symphonia under his rule, was corrupted by a great evil, leading
    to many different powers vying for rule, with the Brass Family still holding most
    of the power in the land.
    The Woodwinds are the clan largely based in the North of Symphonia, being more suited
    to deal with the harsh cold than many others. While they all unite under the Woodwind
    flag, they still split off into their own tribes. Many of them are located in the
    western part of the woods, due to its more plentiful resources and proximity to other
    factions. However, those in the east are more aggressive, and tend to be the Woodwinds
    that involve themselves in the larger conflicts of Symphonia.
    The Pirate Clan is a faction based on the East Coast that pillages much of Symphonia
    for their resources, especially those areas connected to the sea. They strike fear
    into the hearts of many innocents in Symphonia, acting more or less independently from
    all other powers in the land, instead preferring to settle matters on their own terms.
    While they usually stick together, recent events have led to a fracture in the clan,
    and many different Pirate Lords are competing for leadership.
    The Bandoleers are a nomadic clan, operating as a pact of bandits. They tend to attack
    those traveling alone, and are often split up into small groups spread throughout the
    land. Their headquarters is still unknown to most of Symphonia, with very few outside
    of the clan aware of their whereabouts.
    Many String Colonies exist in the South. The pacifist group of Bowed Strings occupy
    the area surrounding a large lake in the exact center of the South region, while many
    other bands of Plucked Strings form groups throughout the remaining areas of the South.
    Finally, the Percussive Nation lies in the Southwest, claiming most of the desert. They
    tend to stay out of the larger conflicts of Symphonia, due to the large amount of
    infighting. Constant civil wars ravage the land, leading to much of the already harsh
    desert being completely inhabitable. Currently, there is a cease fire in the northern
    desert among many of the Desert Colonies, but strained relations lead to constant tension,
    and all of the groups are prepared to defend their people. While no large settlements
    exist south of the Desert Colonies due to the harsh climate, rumors are spreading of
    something that has managed to survive in the farthest reaches of the desert.

All of these factions are based in the many different areas of Symphonia's landmass.
    In the North of Symphonia is the Atlas Mountain Range, a collection of peaks
    that cast an imposing shadow over much of the land. At the center of the
    mountain range is the enormous Mount Harvor, the highest mountain in all
    of Symphonia. Past the mountains is a snow field that hasn't been touched in
    centuries- the Holy Field. Legends say that it was the first of Symphonia to
    settle and the true birthplace of harmony.
    Just south of the mountains is a thick taiga forest. This section of land,
    claimed by the Woodwinds, is still far too cold for most people to survive on
    their own. However, due to their unique traits, the Woodwinds were able to turn
    this land into their home. The peaceful tribes live in the western parts of the
    woods, while the more aggressive tribes take refuge in the thicker, harsher regions
    to the east.
    The center of Symphonia, as well as much of the East and Southeast portion of the
    landmass, is a large plain. The Brass Family occupies much of this territory in the
    center of the land, while the outer edges as coasts are occupied by various other groups.
    Most notably, the Pirate Clan lays claim to much of the Eastern seaboard, and many
    different String Colonies operate in the South.
    Directly south of the exact center of the land is a large lake, claimed by the Bowed Strings.
    In the Southwest of Symphonia is the enormous Cronia Desert. The northern region of the
    desert is home to many Desert Colonies. While currently at peace, these colonies often
    suffer from constant civil conflicts and infighting. South of these Desert Colonies is
    a large section of land thought to be too harsh to survive- however, there are rumors
    that something has managed to survive out there. Many who venture there never return, and
    those who do are often too afraid to speak of what they saw.

There are also many Points of Interest and Settlements within the different regions of Symphonia.
These will all be explained individually in the Story and Side Quest sections, because every
POI and Settlement can be visited during gameplay.